c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\bin\Debug\faraz.exe.config
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\bin\Debug\faraz.exe
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\bin\Debug\faraz.pdb
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\bin\Debug\GlasButton.dll
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.Form1.resources
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.exe
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.pdb
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.game.resources
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.learn.resources
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.music.resources
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.video.resources
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.notepad.resources
c:\users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.love.resources
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.masin.resources
C:\Users\javad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.time.resources
C:\Users\javad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.download.resources
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.tas.resources
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.hads.resources
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\bin\Debug\Marquee.dll
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.deghat.resources
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.find.resources
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.replace.resources
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\Interop.MIMEEDIT.dll
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\Interop.SHDocVw.dll
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\AxInterop.MSHTML.dll
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\AxInterop.SHDocVw.dll
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\bin\Debug\Interop.SHDocVw.dll
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\bin\Debug\AxInterop.MSHTML.dll
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\bin\Debug\AxInterop.SHDocVw.dll
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\bin\Debug\iconits.dll
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\bin\Debug\VistaClockProject.dll
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.Standard_weight.resources
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.AboutBox1.resources
C:\Users\javad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\faraz\faraz\obj\Debug\faraz.help.resources
